As I stated within my notes, I was rather ignorant to the entire deal of cleaning files to this scale at all. I believe as I mentioned in Week Two in regards to the skilled work that is required to do things such as using Anaconda and Sublime Text, it's remarkable that many people do not get paid for this kind of work. I was speaking to my roommate earlier in regards to this entire topic, and he gave me an example of him having to change a page in Wikipedia, as most of those people writing information are volunteers rather than skilled-workers. 
However, to answer your questions and to think about the value of historians in contrast to digital historians...One of my main things that came up to my mind is the comment that Baker made of ": these maps are not printed anywhere in the volume. Adding them just didn’t feel right because I don’t make an argument within them, rather my thinking". As an individual who has focused upon Medieval History, and especially in my previous History Course. I was tasked with taking first-hand sources from the Crusades, and essentially bring up numerous points to prove the document historically inaccurate due to being tampered. However, my professor was rather adamant at telling me that I needed to explain my reasoning and thinking process, so that she may understand what my arguement was. I iniatially couldn't wrap my head around the situation, as to why Baker didn't explain his thinking until the second reading. 
"As I always tell my students, good History writing is concise, precise, and selective: not telling your reader everything you know is central to how we present interpretations of the past. The point is, I didn’t leave this digital stuff out because it was digital but rather because leaving stuff out is what we do in the process of turning research into publication." Although, I may not truly agree with the fact of not showing your work, as we've been consistently told to show our since Grade 1 Math Class to University essays. However, I do agree upon his point of publication, as he is creating a book that he wants to sell, either to make a profit, etc, etc. To flood the reader with details of things data would only draw the book out of his personal opinion. However, I do not believe that will do him any justice as he the reader will not be able to truly understand his words without the data that got him to think that way. That is where I believe the scholary value is, truly informining a reader on what got you to that conclusion. This creates debates, or allows others to understand and expand upon the ideas, and history, or simply deny and prove it wrong if they have the proof. 
